Let's see CloudFront in action.
In a previous lesson,
I reviewed the code for this VR static website,
and it's hosted from an S3 bucket.
Image files, and other static content for
that website can be stored at an edge location using CloudFront.
Let's navigate to the CloudFront Console.
It is very simple to set up
a CloudFront distribution for the files found in that S3 bucket.
So to do that,
you simply click "Create distribution".
Let me walk you through a distribution that I've already created.
Click on it, and click on "Distribution settings."
This general tab provides very high level information about the distribution.
Here we see the status that it's deployed.
We see the state that it's enabled.
Let's look more closely at some of the more important tabs.
Click on "Origins and Origin groups".
This shows the origin or the source for the files stored at the edge location.
Notice here the origin type is S3.
Another neat feature of CloudFront can be found on the restrictions tab.
You can prevent IP addresses from certain countries from accessing the website.
This means that CloudFront can also be used as a security mechanism.
The invalidations tab is also important.
If you ever need to explore content from
the cache outside of the normal schedule you've set,
you would click on the "Create invalidation" button.
In your hands-on exercise,
you'll have the opportunity to create your very own CloudFront distribution.